Update documentation for audio, binary, time_series, and vector features (#69)
ludwig-ai/ludwig-docs: docs/configuration/features/vector_features.md

- `vector_size` (default `null`): size of the vector. If not provided, it will be inferred from the data.
- `missing_value_strategy` (default `fill_with_const`): what strategy to follow when there's a missing value. The value should be one of `fill_with_const` (replaces the missing value with a specific value specified with the `fill_value` parameter), `fill_with_mode` (replaces the missing values with the most frequent value in the column), `fill_with_mean` (replaces the missing values with the mean of the values in the column), `backfill` (replaces the missing values with the next valid value).

> - `fill_value` (default `""`): the value to replace the missing values with in case the `missing_value_strategy` is `fill_value`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fill_value` (default `""`): the value to replace the missing values with in case the `missing_value_strategy` is `fill_with_const`.
```

## Vector Feature Encoders

The vector feature supports two encoders: `dense` and `passthrough`.

### Passthrough Encoder

There are no additional parameters for the `passthrough` encoder.

### Dense Encoder

For vector features, a dense encoder (stack of fully connected layers) can be used to encode the vector.  It takes the
following parameters:

> - `layers` (default `null`): it is a list of dictionaries containing the parameters of all the fully connected layers. The length of the list determines the number of stacked fully connected layers and the content of each dictionary determines the parameters for a specific layer. The available parameters for each layer are: `fc_size`, `norm`, `activation` and `regularize`. If any of those values is missing from the dictionary, the default one specified as a parameter of the encoder will be used instead. If both `fc_layers` and `num_fc_layers` are `null`, a default list will be assigned to `fc_layers` with the value `[{fc_size: 512}, {fc_size: 256}]` (only applies if `reduce_output` is not `null`).

Reviewer: Check - is it called `layers` or `fc_layers`?  I think it should be `fc_layers` everywhere but not 100% sure.
```suggestion
- `layers` (default `null`): a list of dictionaries containing the parameters of all the fully connected layers. The length of the list determines the number of stacked fully connected layers and the content of each dictionary determines the parameters for a specific layer. The available parameters for each layer are: `activation`,
`dropout`, `norm`, `norm_params`, `output_size`, `use_bias`, `bias_initializer` and `weights_initializer`. If any of those values is missing from the dictionary, the default one specified as a parameter of the encoder will be used instead. If both `fc_layers` and `num_fc_layers` are `null`, a default list will be assigned to `fc_layers` with the value `[{output_size: 512}, {output_size: 256}]` (only applies if `reduce_output` is not `null`).
```

- `dependencies` (default `[]`): the output features this one is dependent on. For a detailed explanation refer to [Output Features Dependencies](#output-features-dependencies).
- `reduce_dependencies` (default `sum`): defines how to reduce the output of a dependent feature that is not a vector, but a matrix or a higher order tensor, on the first dimension (second if you count the batch dimension). Available values are: `sum`, `mean` or `avg`, `max`, `concat` (concatenates along the first dimension), `last` (returns the last vector of the first dimension).
- `softmax` (default `false`): determines if to apply a softmax at the end of the decoder. It is useful for predicting a vector of values that sum up to 1 and can be interpreted as probabilities.
- `loss` (default `{type: mean_squared_error}`): is a dictionary containing a loss `type`. The available loss `type` are `mean_squared_error`, `mean_absolute_error` and `softmax_cross_entropy` (use it only if `softmax` is `true`).

These are the available parameters of a vector output feature decoder.

> - `fc_layers` (default `null`): it is a list of dictionaries containing the parameters of all the fully connected layers. The length of the list determines the number of stacked fully connected layers and the content of each dictionary determines the parameters for a specific layer. The available parameters for each layer are: `fc_size`, `norm`, `activation`, `dropout`, `initializer` and `regularize`. If any of those values is missing from the dictionary, the default one specified as a parameter of the decoder will be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fc_layers` (default `null`): a list of dictionaries containing the parameters of all the fully connected layers. The length of the list determines the number of stacked fully connected layers and the content of each dictionary determines the parameters for a specific layer. The available parameters for each layer are: `activation`,
`dropout`, `norm`, `norm_params`, `output_size`, `use_bias`, `bias_initializer` and `weights_initializer`. If any of those values is missing from the dictionary, the default one specified as a parameter of the decoder will be used instead.
```
